c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\CassCustomModule.exe.config
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\CassCustomModule.aex
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\CassCustomModule.exe
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\CassCustomModule.pdb
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\obj\Debug\CassCustomModule.exe
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\obj\Debug\CassCustomModule.pdb
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\App.config
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.Capture.SDK.CustomModule.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.Capture.SDK.Data.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.DBLite.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.SDK.CaptureInfo.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.AbsDB.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.IKdoLib.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.DBLiteOpt.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\ACLicClnt.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.DBCopy.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.KfxVariables.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\PFCaptureCom.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.ACSBST.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.BCDBCom.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\ACLog.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\WmiProviderCOM.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\BatchNotification.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.CaptureDataObjects.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.CaptureDataObjects.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.Capture.ReportingCom.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\ACConfig.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\AC_ASBU.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.KfxCollection.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\IKfxDb.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\KfxDb.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.UnattendedModules.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.AbsUtil.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\ACLicSrv.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\ACISTranslation.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.IKfxVariables.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.KfxFileSys.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.SBLCompile.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.MacroInfo.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.PFCapture.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\WmiProvider.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\ACSvIntf.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\ACSvcUtl.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.Capture.Reporting.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.MSJRO.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.Ascent.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.KHelpFinder.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\KSALicSvr.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.PrivateProfileData.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.SharedProfileData.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Kofax.PlatSDK.Interop.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.DBLite.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.DBLiteOpt.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\ACLicClnt.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.DBCopy.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.BCDBCom.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\ACLog.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\BatchNotification.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.CaptureDataObjects.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\ACConfig.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\AC_ASBU.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\KfxDb.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.UnattendedModules.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\ACLicSrv.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\ACISTranslation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.MacroInfo.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.PFCapture.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\ACSvcUtl.resources.dll
c:\users\sergio.garrido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CassCustomModule\CassCustomModule\bin\Debug\es\Kofax.PrivateProfileData.resources.dll
